Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
It's me.
How are you feeling?
[ Speaks indistinctly ]
[ Chuckles ]
[ Coughs ]
Do you want some water?
Y-you need to pull it, Roland.
Suck.
[ Slurping ]
Oh, shit.
[ Coughing ]
I got to...
[ Groans, coughs ]
[ Speaks indistinctly ]
So, I'd appreciate your
cooperation in this matter.
Shouldn't take long... an hour, maybe.
But sooner we do this, the better.
I'm sure you understand.
Let me know when I should expect you.
Thank you, Mrs. Talbot.
What can I do for you, Carl?
Have a seat, Trey.
[ Sighs ]
Your Tundra... what color is that?
Some kind of brown or... what?
[ Chuckles ]
"Desert Sand Mica" is what they call it.
"Desert Sand Mica". Mm-hmm.
Amazing that it's somebody's job
thinking up names for colors.
[ Chuckles ]
[ Sighs ]
Okay. Thanks for coming in.
That's it?
That's it.
You asked me one question, Carl.
Yeah.
Could've just asked me on the phone.
Next time, I'll ask you on the phone.
[ Clicks tongue ] Next time.
Well, shit, while I got you here,
I just got these DNA
results back from the lab.
Looks like it was George Melton's semen
on Hanna Dean's underwear.
Damn.
[ Sighs ]
Old Georgie lied on the witness stand.
Ain't that some shit?
Did he?
Did he what?
Lie.
Well, it would seem like it.
But, hell, who knows?
Yep. Who knows?
Anyway, I thought you
were trying to find out
how George died, sheriff,
not who screwed some girl 20 years ago.
I'm trying to find out
a lot of things, Trey.
Wow.
You think you know people.
Well, see you around, I guess.
I imagine.
A jacket.
What?
You asked me the other day
what Daniel was wearing
when we went down to Florida.
He was wearing a jacket?
I remembered after you left. Um...
Baggy old thing, had lots of pockets,
like a army coat or something.
Well, that makes more sense.
Thanks, Trey.
Anytime.
[ Sighs ]
[Theme Music]
-- Synced and corrected by ChrisKe --
-- www.addic7ed.com --
Bar stools and barbecue joints?
Is that all we are now?
I didn't think we were anything now.
Nice uni. [ Chuckles ]
- It's bold.
- Among other things.
Amantha Holden, associate manager.
Man, they'll take anybody.
[ Chuckles ]
What?
Damn, you're beautiful.
Jon...
It's just an observation.
Don't take it personally.
Thought you were all
packed up, heading out.
I was.
Now you're not?
It's your brother.
Great.
There he is.
He's been out here all day.
Hardest worker I've ever had.
I didn't know you were
finished already, buddy.
I'm not finished.
Dad-gum close. [ Chuckles ]
Melvin's been bringing me
up to speed on your job,
singing your praises.
Didn't know that house calls
were part of your probationary purview.
They're not usually. I'm
here on my lunch hour.
Do you mind stepping out of the pool?
Uh... i-i need to check on a few things
in the office anyway, so...
Thanks, Melvin.
I called you twice this morning, Daniel.
Uh, I'm sorry.
Uh, I didn't have my phone on me.
Then you need to get it and keep it on you.
You must be accessible
every day, everywhere.
That is your responsibility
as a probationer.
Yes, ma'am.
At our last meeting, I
gave you a housing form.
You were required to have it
signed by your sister, correct?
Oh, yeah. Right.
The form was due yesterday, Daniel.
I'm sorry. M-my sister's been out of town.
Is she back now?
She is, I think.
Then why don't you have it?
Got lost in the pool, I guess.
Here's another form.
I want to make sure you understand
the severity of the situation, Daniel.
The fact that you are under suspicion
for a very serious crime
makes your probation much easier to revoke.
They can lock you up for jaywalking.
I'll watch my step, then.
Is that a joke?
It's just the way I think.
You have to bend to this life, Daniel.
It does not bend to you.
Have the form on my desk by 5:00 today.
No more excuses.
Carl: So, I'd appreciate your
cooperation in this matter.
Shouldn't take long...
An hour, maybe.
But sooner we do this, the better.
I'm sure you understand.
Let me know when I can expect you.
Thank you, Mrs. Talbot.
[ Engine shuts off ]
Hey.
Glad you decided to come.
You mean that?
Of course.
Rebecca: Now, obviously,
a couple is made up of two people.
And two people... any two people...
Have their own individual
attributes and complexities
that they bring to each of the
relationships in their lives,
including, and especially, a marriage.
So while it may seem
counter-intuitive at first,
a lot of what we do in couples counseling
is talk about ourselves, individually.
Individually. Got it.
So...
Tell us about your life, Teddy.
Like where I was hatched?
Perfect.
Right here in Paulie.
And you grew up here?
Never left.
Uh, except for college,
um, which is where we met.
Um, I mean, not in
college, but in the town...
Statesboro, GA
I'd gone back for
homecoming, and there she was,
this beautiful girl working
at the Chicken Shack.
Rest is history, I guess.
Or therapy.
That's a sweet story, Teddy,
but I want to put a pin
in the Chicken Shack for a minute,
if that's okay.
Pin in the Chicken. Okay.
I want to talk about your courtship, I do,
and we'll get there,
but I want to hang back in
your childhood for a bit,
learn more about you.
Individually.
You got it.
Why in the hell would Daniel go to Florida
with Trey Willis of all people?
He said he wanted to see
George. Trey offered him a ride.
Why would he want to do
that... either of those things?
He's your brother.
The master of baffling decisions. Jesus.
Look, if I was in the sheriff's position,
it's not hard to see myself
heading down a similar path.
Daggett, man.
George Melton's testimony
against Daniel is a problem.
A testimony which was a lie.
And Daniel knew it was a lie,
hence the motive in Daggett's mind.
What about Trey Willis
or those other assholes?
They have motive. They always
have... In Amantha's mind.
I think he's looking at Trey, too.
[ Sighs ]
Let me get this straight.
So, Daniel finally gets out
after 20 years in a goddamn box,
and the first thing he does is kill a guy
- so he can go right back?
- I know.
Where would he get the
gun, Jon? It's absurd.
To us, yes, but to them,
they're just trying to find
the straightest line
between the two points.
Well, they need to find
a more crooked path.
[ Sighs ]
Does mom know?
I called her last night.
Thanks for taking that bullet.
You can't smoke that in here.
I know. I'm just [Scoffs]
Need something to look forward to.
Amantha, he didn't kill George Melton,
and he's not going down for it.
You're still not a cynic, Jon.
I love that about you.
Maybe you don't know me
like you think you know me.
Maybe not.
But thank you for standing by Daniel.
It's hard to let go, not care anymore.
I'm glad you didn't.
Well... anything I can do?
Other than get in the way?
Not at the moment. I'll let you know.
Better get to work.
Got to set an example for the associates.
Hey.
Congratulations.
Thank you, Jon.
Third grade, I came
home from school one day
and dad was waiting for me in the kitchen.
Said mom had moved to Florida
and wasn't coming back.
Did he tell you why she left?
She's an addict.
Or was.
I don't... I don't know what she is now.
He told you she was an addict?
Well, not then, but later.
What did he tell you at the time?
That we were gonna be all right
or that it was my fault or clean as you go.
I don't really remember, Rebecca.
Okay.
Do you remember how it made you feel?
Not much of anything, to be honest.
Took my cues from Dad.
Did you ever see your
mother after she left?
Some, when she'd come back to Paulie.
Not in Florida?
No.
And how often was that?
Uh, every few months at first.
You know, then less and less
until one day she just
kind of stopped coming.
When was that?
I think it was right about
the time dad got remarried.
Are you close to your stepmother?
I thought I was.
What do you mean, "thought"?
Well, her real son came back, and, uh...
Things changed considerably,
I guess you might say.
What's going on over there, Tawney?
Oh, I don't know.
Um... nothing.
[ Sighs ]
What?
Always feels like she'd
rather be somewhere else.
That's not true.
No, you're right. My mistake.
She'd rather me be somewhere else.
I'm sorry that you feel that way, Teddy.
Me, too.
You know, it's interesting,
your histories...
The similarities.
Have you ever talked about that,
what it was like for both of
you not knowing your mothers?
Ask her who she's thinking about.
Just tell the truth, Tawney.
For once, just tell the truth.
But that's the problem, Teddy.
E-every time I tell the truth,
I'm... I'm punished for it.
'Cause you always hold something back.
You never tell the whole truth.
Why are you always making me feel guilty
about... about everything?
Do you want me here with you?
Of course I do. You need to be here.
You need... you need to talk about...
That's not what I asked you.
Do you want me here with you right now?
I don't know. I don't
know what I want, Teddy.
I don't know if...
I don't if I... if I
want to be here myself.
I don't know... what?
Just say it, Tawney. Go for it.
I don't know if I want
to be with you, Teddy.
Is that what you want to hear?
I don't know if I want
to be married to you.
Teddy, are you okay?
[ Chuckles ]
[ Sighs ]
How are you feeling, Teddy?
How am I feeling, Rebecca?
Kind of great, really.
Okay. How so?
Maybe not  great great,
like after the perfect golf shot,
but, uh... at least all this
time I know I wasn't crazy.
Danny.
What's up?
I just need you to sign this form.
I'm sorry.
Uh... what is it?
From... from my probation officer...
Confirmation that I'm living with you.
No problem. Um...
Okay.
You okay, brother?
Yeah, I-I'm fine.
I just need to get it to her by 5:00.
You're not gonna make it.
Here. Take my car.
I-I don't want...
I'll get a ride. Not a problem.
You're gonna be fine, Daniel.
Just take care of this, and
I'll see you tonight, okay?
Go.
[ Door closes ]
Sorry about that.
[ Scanner beeps ]
I'm sorry, Teddy.
Don't be. I asked for it.
You were right.
I was thinking about Daniel in there,
but not in the way that you think.
The sheriff called and
wants to ask me questions.
Why do they want to talk to you?
I'm not sure.
Somebody killed George Melton.
What?
He testified against Daniel.
Helped put him on death row, really.
I went to Florida, Teddy.
Daniel was stranded
there, and he called me.
I-i just drove down and I picked him up
and brought him home.
Nothing happened.
Where in Florida?
Um...
Down... down near Live Oak.
That's where George Melton lived.
God.
Teddy, what... what do I do?
I don't know. Just tell the truth, I guess.
[ Bell dings ]
Johnny Mitchell.
[ Door buzzes ]
Hold on.
Thank you, Daniel. See you next week.
Did Daniel tell you why
he had gone to Florida,
Mrs. Talbot?
He didn't.
You weren't curious?
It wasn't my place to pry.
Did Daniel mention
anything about a trailer,
anything he might've done there?
He didn't mention a trailer at all.
And you didn't pry?
No, sir.
Did he mention seeing
or talking to anybody?
No, sir.
What was Daniel wearing that day, ma'am?
Um...
A shirt... a button-down, I think.
And blue jeans.
Was he wearing a jacket?
I don't think anyone
wears a jacket in Florida.
Is that a no?
It is a no.
Did y'all talk about
anything during the trip back?
Spiritual matters.
Spiritual matters?
Sin, redemption, forgiveness, God's grace.
It's a big subject.
He didn't happen to discuss
any specific sins, did he?
No, he didn't.
Just sin in general?
We all have sin, sheriff.
That's true,
but he confessed to one a
good deal bigger than most.
Maybe so, but I feel
any sin he has committed
is far surpassed by the
sins committed against him.
Do you?
I do.
And why is that?
Because those sins were
carefully considered, sheriff.
I don't think Daniel
ever carefully considered
committing a sin and then
actually committed it.
What was his demeanor?
Demeanor?
Emotional state.
Sad.
Troubled, burdened.
I don't suppose that concerns you, either.
Well, that's just Daniel.
Ever since I've known
him, he's been like that.
And why do you think that is?
God's testing him.
Really?
I believe that.
Yes.
[ Sighs ]
Bet you slept a lot in there.
Probably bored as hell
by yourself all the time.
That would've drove me crazy.
Damn, buddy.
You're in deep, ain't you?
What?
Now my feelings are hurt.
Could've at least let me give an estimate.
You can't just leave the
doors unlocked, Daniel.
It ain't 1995.
What are you doing here?
I'm not sure, to be honest with you.
[ Sighs ]
Didn't feel right to just
sit around and wait.
Wait for what?
I'm not sure.
You should go.
I know. I should.
[ Sighs ]
That's what'd be the hardest.
What's that?
Knowing that you can
never get them years back,
especially if you didn't do it, you know?
Especially if they cracked you
up until you said you did it.
Maybe cracked you deep enough
to make you believe you did it.
Yeah.
That'd be hard to come back from.
[ Door opens, closes ]
How'd it go?
Nothing's ever gonna
happen with me and Daniel.
Can't. It won't.
You need to know that, Teddy.
You need to let that go.
For yourself. For your life.
Okay.
Take you back to Beth's?
Not yet.
I prayed before I went in there.
That's good.
It's funny how often I forget to.
We can drive around if you want,
till you're ready to go back.
Okay.
[ Engine turns over ]
Sondra: Foulkes said that
there were 40 or so kids
down at the river that night.
That sounds a little high.
Do you know how many of them
were officially interviewed?
I don't.
Seven.
There's not even a mention
of Christopher Nelms
in Hanna's files.
I'll be damned.
I thought I'd missed him
when I read it the first time.
It was really hard to know
exactly how many kids
were out there that night.
By the time the body was discovered,
the only one still there was Holden.
Did you see any of the other kids
the next day at the station?
I had to round them up.
There was more than
seven. I can tell you that.
I could've sworn Christopher Nelms
was one of them.
At the station?
Waiting, yeah.
So they just stopped interviewing kids
after Holden confessed?
I couldn't tell you. Above
my pay grade at the time.
What you got there?
George's credit card statement.
Last purchase was on the 23rd...
Day after Holden's release.
It was a bus ticket from
Live Oak to Paulie...
Round trip.
And Mr. Melton's phone was never used
after the 23rd, either.
No, ma'am.
Just the pinging to the
tower for the next few days.
Anything else on the Holden front?
Just the more people I talk to,
the more narrow his window
of opportunity becomes.
But not impossible.
No, but improbable.
I mean, I still believe he had the motive,
but I don't know.
He's a confounding son of a bitch,
but it just seems like he's
too honest for his own good.
Whereas Trey, feels like
he's trying too hard.
Too hard to do what?
To pin it on Daniel.
Okay.
I got the warrant.
All right.
Still doesn't mean that
Holden didn't kill Hanna Dean.
Of course it doesn't.
Could be two separate crimes, for sure.
Three.
Right. Three.
He was here. Left a note.
Is that right?
He took the new clothes
I got him for his trip...
For his move.
Well, that's good.
Is it?
What do you mean?
I don't know what language
you speak anymore, Ted.
Well, I'm not real sure
what you're saying right now, Janet.
"That's good"? I don't
know what that means.
That's good that he
has new clothes to wear?
That's good that he's leaving?
That's good that you didn't have to see him
'cause he snuck over here
during the middle of the day
while you were at work?
That's good that he has
some new clothes, Janet.
Well, that's good.
Did you ever ask Teddy
about his part in all this?
I asked Daniel.
About Teddy's part?
Yes.
What did he say?
He didn't, really.
Of course he didn't.
There was a lot of pressure put on Teddy
to file assault charges against Daniel,
but he didn't.
Of course he didn't.
Well, good for Teddy.
Janet, I know he's your son
I know he's had a troubled life...
Troubled?
Difficult, tragic...
Whatever word you want to use,
but he rendered my son unconscious.
Do you understand that?
So I'm not gonna
apologize for being worried
or even afraid for the safety of my family,
no matter who it is.
So what are you gonna do, Ted?
Right now...
I'm gonna finish this kitchen.
Can't wait.
[ Tools clanging ]
[ Door opens and closes ]
You get the form there in time?
Just in the nick.
I'm proud of you, Daniel.
For what?
For trying.
[ Sighs ]
I saw Jon today.
He told me about George Melton and Daggett.
He loves you... Jon.
I'm really sorry that you have
to go through this again, Danny.
Do you love him?
I do.
But not enough?
I don't know.
I'm not sure what enough is.
I thought I loved someone once.
Maybe you did.
I thought she could save me.
I thought that she was my savior.
Girl Jesus.
We all do that sometimes.
I got it all mixed up.
And it wasn't love. It was...
Insanity.
You're gonna get help where you're going.
Like Humpty Dumpty?
Kind of.
Mom says that there are people there
who have been through
what you've been through.
Not exactly, maybe, but similar.
And who will I be when they
put me back together again?
My brother.
Well...
get some rest, buddy.
Tomorrow's a new day.
Sure.
I think I'm gonna sleep
in Amantha's room tonight.
Okay.
[ Engine shuts off ]
Feel like I'm dropping
you off at Miss Kathy's,
like I used to.
Remember that first time?
Took you bowling?
Couldn't believe you'd never been.
Hey.
I'm sorry.
It's okay.
[ Breathes deeply ]
You're gonna be okay.
I should go.
Yeah.
[ Sniffles ]
[ Truck door closes ]
-- Synced and corrected by ChrisKe --
-- www.addic7ed.com --
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org